# Code-Challenge-Full-Stack
A small full-stack web application to demonstrate technical proficiency.

Due to free-tier hosting on Azure, various elements of the performance are somewhat slow.

## Front-end
The Front-end was developed in React, and can be found at this URL: https://happy-hill-001d40f10.1.azurestaticapps.net/

It is being served via Azure Static Web Apps, with continuous deployment enabled via GitHub Actions.

The Kanban component comes from the [React Kanban](https://github.com/asseinfo/react-kanban) library. The library does not provide in-line editing of cards, so at this time, you must remove and re-add a card to edit the name or note.

## Back-end
The backend was developed in ASP.NET Core, using Entity Framework and a RESTful API. The API can be access directly at this url: https://codymarbprovdemo.azurewebsites.net/api/boats/

The database is running on SQL Azure, with table definations generated by Entity Framework.

## Quality Assurance
The front-end has a small set of basic React rendering unit tests, to ensure core components aren't removed by accident.

The back-end has a suite of units tests for the controller, testing various success and failure paths on the main CRUD operations, replacing the SQL database with a temporary In Memory implementation. 

### Functional Testing Plan
For functional testing, a simple web automation library, like [CasperJS](https://www.casperjs.org/) could be used to automate most of the steps in the following test plan. Setting up a secondary data source to allow for better data control would prevent interruption of service, as would the establishment of a secondary staging platform in the deployment pipeline. Due to the simplicity of the app (no authentication, single region, shared data store) the tests would be straightforward and easy to maintain.

- Ensure page loads after deployment
- Verify that existing Kanban data loads
  - Collecting any metric data on performance for load times / throughput (via Azure portal)
- Check basic input form validation
  - Ensure name requirement check works
  - Check field limits (name 32, notes 200)
- Validate card status updating (Drag between lanes)
- Validate card removal (delete) 

## DevOps
Both the front-end and back-end are automatically deployed to Azure, via a pair of GitHub actions. These trigger on any commit to the master branch.
